---
title: Floor 1
image: "https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/64133716/Homepage/Slides/cory.jpg"
map: "http://www.fredonia.edu/sciencecenter/images/floor_1_lettered.jpg"
category: map
---

(A) Kelly Family Auditorium<br /> This 120-seat state-of-the-art lecture hall was donated by Dr. Jeffery Kelly '82.

(B) Atrium: $500,000<br /> Two-story glass-enclosed entrance featuring informal seating, science displays and a café. The Atrium and Reading Room will be connected, forming a corridor of glass and light through the building.

(C) Kourelis-Stavrides Courtyard<br /> This design will feature native plants and examples of local geologic features. Landscaping will include wooden benches and diagonal pavement that links the courtyard to the adjacent Science Quad. In memory of Marie K. Stavrides. Donated by Family and Friends.

(D) Display Cases: $5,000 each<br /> This entrance space will feature intricate displays of STEM research specimens and phenomenon.

(E) Holmberg-Wettingfeld Biology Lab<br /> These active labs are entry level requirements for many of the STEM programs. In memory of Arnold Holmberg and Dr. Robert Wettingfeld. Donated by Holmberg Foundation of Jamestown, NY

(F) Kaminski General Chemistry Teaching Lab<br /> These active labs are entry level requirements for many of the STEM programs. This lab is named in memory of James '69 and Yvonne Kaminski.


(G) Lake Shore Savings Science Education Teaching Lab<br /> Authenticated teaching space where specialized courses for STEM education majors and science courses for childhood education majors will be taught. Donated by Lake Shore Savings.

(H1) Willson Classroom<br /> A “smart” classroom which will be suitable for all teaching styles and will have windows looking out at the Science Courtyard. The smart classroom is named for Col. C. Ross (Ret.) '39* and Phyllis Ellis Willson '39.

(H2) Carnahan Classroom<br /> A "smart" classroom which will be suitable for all teaching styles and will have windows looking out at the Science Courtyard. This smart classroom was donated by David H. Carnahan

(I) Storch Ecology Teaching Lab<br /> A 'window into science' will allow views of ecology, environmental science and aquatic experiments. This lab is donated by Francis J. Priznar '76 in honor of Dr. Thomas Storch.

(J) Research Lab: $25,000

(K) Anonymous Seminar Room

(L) Costello Reading Room<br />Overlooking the south garden and playing field and designed for quiet study, this room was named in honor of Dennis '72 and Kathryn Costello.

(M) Computer Lab: $50,000<br /> Open access computer lab will be equipped with software specific to STEM programs.

(N) Research Lab: $25,000

(O) Mantai Research Lab. Donated by the family of Dr. Kenneth E. Mantai.

(P) Research Lab: $25,000

(FO) Faculty Offices: $10,000<br /> Faculty offices will be paired and placed between teaching and research labs.

(F7) Faculty Office<br />Donated by Francis J. Priznar '76, Josephine F. Wilson '74, Tom Fink '75 and Jules Silverman '75 in honor of Dr. Kenneth G. Wood.

(Q2-Q4) Study Alcoves: $5,000<br /> In front of each office pair, spaces will be furnished with benches and writing boards, allowing for informal teaching.

(Q1) Schall Study Alcove<br /> In front of each office pair, spaces will be furnished with benches and writing boards, allowing for informal teaching. Donated by Dr. Susan Schall '81 in honor of her parents Dr. William and Mrs. Carol Schall.

(R) Falcone Greenhouse<br /> Premier greenhouse will be adjacent to the south garden and will support botany experiments for the biology and science education programs. Donated by Joseph ’74 and Jane (Schuster) Falcone ’74.

